add warning to hll/tdigest that the format is subject to change in the future (#1831)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/merge-tdigest-function.md

> The `merge_tdigest()` and `tdigest_merge()` functions are equivalent

> > [!WARNING]
> >The results of tdigest() and tdigest_merge() can be stored and later retrieved (for example, to create a daily percentiles summary that can be later be used to calculate weekly percentiles). 
> > However, the precise binary representation of these results is undocumented and may change over time. There’s no guarantee that these functions return the same output for the same input, and one should not take a dependency on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
>The results of tdigest() and tdigest_merge() can be stored and later retrieved. For example, you may want to create daily percentiles summary, which can then be used to calculate weekly percentiles.
> However, the precise binary representation of these results may change over time. There's no guarantee that these functions will produce identical results for identical inputs, and therefore we don't advise relying on them.
```
